i got an interview with roland pollock
oh
my gosh that is amazing and it's on
campus
it's in manhattan we're always talking
about going into manhattan for a special
weekend this is gonna be absolutely
fantastic later maybe we could take a
carriage ride
yeah if it doesn't rain you're by far
the most
interesting american director since this
is your first meaningful assignment
would you like a scoop
of i can't make lunch
why not it's going through this real
artistic crisis it's a scoop
gatsby nice to see you it's good to see
you what are you doing just out here
trying to
create a modern film noir classic okay
all right do you want to be in it
hey should we do this
hey are you going to keep your mouth
closed i have a girlfriend chan i don't
think i can do this
team 19 take two action
[Music]
josh it's uh starting to rain and cut
see i know you could do it it just won't
tell your girlfriend
ashley what's going on you said you were
going to call me 30 minutes ago
70 million movie and raleigh's very
unhappy with it
you call him raleigh yeah and ted and i
we have to find him before he has one of
his crazy fists
who's ted was that your boyfriend yeah
he's a little eccentric raleigh
oh my god you're francisco vega he's
that good or bad my roommate thinks
you're the greatest thing to come along
since the morning after pill
francisco vega is in town with his new
main squeeze on his arm
my girlfriend dumped me for a movie star
oh what are you doing here all alone
i make dreams come true how do you do
that i get 500 sweetie how'd you like to
make 5 000.
mother this is my girlfriend ashley ann
ray better grow up and get a profession
you think a girl like that
wants to live hand-to-mouth funny you
should put it that way
she's apparently onto a very big story
she takes her job very seriously
i shouldn't imbibe so copiously i become
passionate aggressive
absurd i just hey ashley
i can't talk to you right now what could
possibly be so secretive about that
unless there's some funny business going
on unless there's some funny business
going on
this is real life real life is fine for
people who can't do any better
this must be one tiny little lousy hour
interview instead
lost the whole weekend i'm on to a real
story here
take off your raincoat i can't i have no
clothes underneath
[Music]
you